well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again and we have a lot to talk about
today the other guy from the
administration rewriting new Colossus
I'm sure and he thinks he's clever he
probably spent all day working on that
gym send me those who can stand on their
own two feet
yeah hey Bonnie
because that's America's biggest concern
right now is that maybe at some point
sometime in the future somebody who's
granted a permanent resident card may
possibly access one of our safety nets
that are available to people yeah I'm
not following
I don't see why this is a concern but
the media is playing along with it
because that's what the media does the
headlines are saying Trump now
curtailing legal immigration now he's
been doing it the entire time but the
media makes no attempt to educate asylum
seeking is legal it's a treaty
obligation when we violate that treaty
we violate the US Constitution because
treaties are law of the land but they
made no attempt to educate the American
populace so that talking point what it
kept going it stayed alive even though
it shouldn't Trump isn't trying to
curtail legal immigration that's not
what it's about it's about it's not
about stopping people who are going to
come
it's about finding people to deport
that's what it's about it's about taking
people who would be ok and making them
not ok because all he cares about is his
ratings when you look at his tweets you
see any time he talks about a TV show he
doesn't like he talks about their
failing ratings or their viewership or
the readership if it's a newspaper
whatever that's all he cares about one
of the reasons I didn't support the
Obama administration
is because President Obama was the
DePorter in chief he really was in Trump
with all of his rhetoric with the
militarization of the border with people
having their doors kicked in window
smashed and drugged out of cars ice
raids going on everywhere he can't match
Obama's a numbers that's driving him
crazy because he looks like a failure to
his base because he is even cooking the
books and Counting asylum seekers who
voluntarily turned themselves into
Border Patrol as border apprehensions he
still couldn't do it
it's because he bought into his own
stereotypes while illegals are obviously
brown people from south of the border so
we focused all of his efforts on that
more than 40% of undocumented people in
the United States they arrived by air
yeah that wall isn't gonna do anything
unless it's 36,000 feet high there's
another reason the Obama administration
was more successful and why Trump is
currently just getting Obama's leftovers
Obama used the surveillance state he
used information sharing between local
police departments and federal agencies
to find people to get out of here
the people Trump is getting now are
those that the Obama administration
looked at like yeah well we're not gonna
worry about these people because they
weren't that big of a deal that the
surveillance state it caused a backlash
generally speaking Americans don't like
the idea of ratting out their neighbor
to the Stasi
so it was curtailed it was curtailed
local jurisdictions pulled back from
that information sharing makes Trump's
job a little harder so he has to go off
of the other information the information
that was gathered before all that was
curtailed that's why you have stories
like Alejandra
been here 20 years she had a traffic
violation in 2013 so her information got
shared so she went through the process
and fought and fought and tried to do
things legally tried to do things the
right way and of course she was denied
every step of the way
she's married to marine I think he's out
now but you know what there's an article
on CBS I think I have it on my phone
Alejandra ultimately decided to
self-deport to Mexico rather than turn
herself in to be detained and then
deported after 20 years in the United
States she no longer has family or
friends in the country so she chose
Marita the city in the Yucatan where a
small community of deported military
spouses might help her a community of
military spouses that's making America
great again a community of deported
military spouses deporting the spouses
of veterans that's how we're going to
make America great deporting those who
kept the home fires burning while their
spouse was all fighting a war getting
rid of them those bad arm brace
ripping away the family structure of
combat vets oh I'm sure that's gonna do
wonders for the suicide rate it's all
about the same thing
it's about framing it so you kick down
you blame those with less power than you
for the mistakes or the deliberate
attacks on you by those at the top those
with the power blaming Alejandra for the
Trump administration's decisions that's
what it's about let's talk about that
immigrants may be getting benefits if
you make 50k a year you pay about 10
cents a day to fund food stamps $36.50 a
year to feed 40 million people yeah I
can see that as being a huge concern I
think a bigger concern would be the fact
that we spend if you're just talking
about direct corporate welfare 872 nine
hundred seven dollars a year depending
on the study if you include all of the
indirect subsidies and all of that stuff
the average American family pays six
grand for corporate welfare
oh no let's worry about the thirty six
bucks that maybe some of it might
possibly be going to an immigrant
they've got you kicking down and then
they're you've got these farmers and
these ranchers scratching their heads
right now wondering why the Secretary of
Agriculture is making fun of them as
they're losing their farms calling them
whiners making jokes because they never
cared about you
they're not your friends they don't
represent you they had nothing they
didn't care about you at all
you were just somebody they could target
use the stereotype get you to hate
someone else who you'd put them in power
that's it that's it
this trade war that Trump started it
cost you your farm your buddy his ranch
cost the American taxpayers billions and
increase the trade deficit must be
Alejandro's fault right they don't care
about you when this is all over and they
have milked this country for every dime
they can well they're all going back to
their gold toilets you you're gonna be
working at one of those big corporate
owned farms because you lost yours
it's like scooby-doo they find a
boogeyman
they find somebody to scare you somebody
for you to kick at most times isn't real
when it's all said and done when you
finally realize what's going on and
you've solved the mystery you pull off
that mask and you see some old dude in a
suit who you thought was your friend
this administration is not the friend of
anybody in the working class doesn't
mind that matter if you're a coal miner
a farmer an Amazon worker it doesn't
matter
they're there to extract as much wealth
from you as possible and move on that's
it they're not your buddy and Alejandra
isn't your enemy anyway it's just a
fault y'all have a good night